Niagara is famous for its quaint Inns
and charming food adventures Faisel
morandi tells us why the Sterling in
ranks among the most romantic getaways
in the region as members of Ontario's
finest Inns in the preferred hotel group
were held to a higher standard as far as
quality and service goes we've received
great reviews on TripAdvisor calm as
well as all the other guests remark
websites out there in fact we've been
number one for about twenty four months
that's something we're really proud of
here if there's one thing Niagara Falls
has it's a lot of hotel rooms but when
we were building this hotel we realized
that there's still a niche for a
romantic couples getaway is also the
honeymoon capital for a reason it's a
romantic place the wineries the
restaurants the Falls itself all
fantastic so we wanted to give ourselves
towards couples king-size beds breakfast
in bed
a romantic restaurant a couples massage
is down in the spa it's all about the
details that can make a romantic getaway
breakfast in bed is is quite a unique
concept when we do take the reservations
of course you and I as travellers always
want to know if breakfast will be
included it is quite the wow factor when
the guests find out that the breakfast
will actually be delivered to their room
the other feature that we provide here
is we escort our guests to the room
providing all the details of the
facilities before we leave would provide
them with chef Cory's delicious cookies
as opposed to a mint along with a 100
local v/q a wine list we found it was
important to really showcase Niagara and
everything it has to offer we're a great
wine region and we have great cuisine
here so we won't really wanted to
showcase that and have the freshest and
most seasonal foods we could I'm not
only proud of the food program here at
AG but I'm also proud of some of the
awards that we've won in the community
including the third year running we've
been awarded the Gold Award for the VQ a
wine list that we have and A four
Diamond Award from CAA the restaurant it
was spectacular really good food we
would come back just to eat in the
restaurant a lot of choices a lot of
fresh apparently it's all local right
down to the desert
well the stirling in not only offers
wonderful accommodations but it is small
and it's more personal
and the staff here are incredible you
had a larger hotel you just don't get
that book your romantic getaway today
call the sterling in at one eight seven
seven seven eight three seven seven
seven two or find out more online at